Control block forging through NodeKernel (#140)
input-output-hk/ouroboros-consensus: ouroboros-consensus/changelog.d/20230612_112138_armandoifsantos_dynamic_block_forging.md

<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
-->

<!--
### Patch

- A bullet item for the Patch category.

-->

> ### Non-Breaking

Reviewer: We should change the tense to imperative in the bullets below :point_down:

> - `addBlockRunner` now if interrupted, will notify all blocked threads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the behaviour of `addBlockRunner` so that it notifies all blocked threads if interrupted.
```

- Added `closeBlocksToAdd` function

### Breaking

- Removed the `pInfoBlockForging` record field from the `ProtocolInfo` type.

>   - Refactor code to accommodate the extraction of `pInfoBlockForging` record field from the

Reviewer: I don't know if we need to mention that we refactor the code, maybe this should be obvious from the fact that a field from a data structure was removed.
